you're going along with your life and
you look around you noticed like oh I am
in my 30s i $40,000 in debt I live with
a weirdo you do have a super creepy
roommate you read my diary at first I
did not know that it was your diary I
thought it was a very sad handwritten
book I can't wait I'm engaged what will
you be my maid of honor of course you'll
love the rest of the bridesmaid I've
been more than happy to handle the
Bachelorette and the shower I think I
can handle it
[Music]
I know it looks a little scary on the
outside the food here is really really
good oh look you can get a check cash
next door Helen aren't you having any
meat thanks good to eat a big meal
before a fitting this is some classy
shirt I want to apologize I'm not even
confident on which end that came out of
you've got food poisoning from that
restaurant no such a coincidence
I feel like her life is going off and
getting perfect and mine's just like I
need you to touch your nose with your
finger if I was drunk but I'd be able to
do this
I would hope so I wanted to go over some
ideas for the bachelorette party
I was thinking Las Vegas strip club is
in the world Fight Club go to a Fight
Club no we're not gonna go to a club
okay
we're gonna be the Fight Club Vegas it
is I'm a nervous flier I'm sorry I had a
dream last night that we went down you
were in it
you should just toss it back you're like
the maid of dishonor
[Music]
we're gonna take this huge step and I'm
gonna be there right next to you I am
dead sure dad serious are you marry me
yes you have a date for the wedding
because I have a great guy for you
better just hang down here with my son
Tyler and we'll be back in a minute sir
did you eat one of those plates every
day
[Music]